There are other useful things
that we need to do in terms of
getting a whole bunch of
different objects, right?
Could I hunt and try to get all of the
yellow or the red or the cyan rectangles?
I could, and honestly, in this amount
of a design, it's not that hard, right?
But as your files grow,
it becomes a lot trickier.
Last week I was working
on buttons with icons,
and I needed to change the stroke
width of all the icon SVGs.
Right, and
not just the icon in the frame, but
the actual like each SVG kind
of like Stroke and fill.
And so some of these tools become
really cuz there's hundreds of them and
I'm not gonna sit around and
they're very small.
And I'm not going to play a game of
operation and try to get each and
every one.
I will probably use
some of these tools for
trying to easily and
quickly select things.
So, the only thing about this trick
is that whatever you're looking for,
they do need to be in a frame together.
If you just had a bunch of stuff
on the canvas and try this,
it won't necessarily work, they do
need to be in the bounds of a frame.
But once you have that in place,
you can go ahead and
whether it's in the edit menu or
with that command palette,
you can do the select all with, right?
And you've got a bunch of
different options here, okay,
go get me all the ones
with the same properties.
Now, these are very uniform rectangles
that will work great in this case.
Select all the ones with the same fill,
right?
Same strokes, same effects, effect is like
box shadows and stuff like that, right?
So if I did select all
the same properties,
you can see that it's got it's grabbed
all of the cyan rectangles, right?
So I can get them all very easily here
as well, and I can put them back.
The other interesting thing that we can
do, if I grab the frame as a whole,
you can see that it'll show me a summary
of all of the colors being used, right?
And I can go ahead and see this little
target and it will go ahead and
select all of the frames that
are using that red color, right?
And I can change that.
The other nice thing is that if you
are doing some kind of like large scale
change, in this selection colors piece, I
can go ahead and I can click this one and
I can go and switch it.
These are colors that
I have from a library.
So if you don't see these colors this
because we have not set up a color
palette yet.
We will, don't worry, but
I live in the future, right?
And so by selecting red and
going into this library here,
I can change them all to green, right?
So if you wanna to wholesale just
replace one color, super useful for
just taking the entire frame, and
just swapping out that one color.
Or you could also theoretically, if you
needed to get all the red buttons and
then change something about their padding,
you could use this target.
Or you can do the select all
with same property, same fill,
depending on what you use cases,
that will all work in this case as well.
But yeah, a lot of times either target or
that select is really useful for that.
Yet we talked about some of these a little
pro tips that hidden here, if you want to
see the distance between two objects
kind of more in a more practical sense.
You can whether it's 64 and
64 is split evenly
spaced out, cool, a select all of those.
So quick to try it out for a second and
try to grab all of the cyan ones and
change something about them.
All right, few more tasting notes on
selecting stuff because not being able to
select the thing you want
is incredibly frustrating.
So spending a few more seconds
kind of going up some tips and
tricks is super worth it.
If I wanted to actually grab the frame,
maybe you can feel the anger
as I click repeatedly and
I don't select the frame, right?
I could go up here and click over here and
now I've got the entire rectangles frame
selected, or I can hold COMMAND and
then that is literally whatever is
under your mouse cursor, right?
Will be selected, right?
And so if you know exactly what you want,
then you can go ahead and
select it as well.
And when we have even spacing like this,
you can see that is figured out like, hey,
Steve, you have a bunch of stuff that's
space 64 pixels from each other, right?
You can go ahead and
just adjust that here as well.
Similarly, now that will only appear
if they are evenly spaced and
Figma can figure out what to do.
And so if you don't see it,
it's maybe cuz you have something off
by one pixel So, so either go ahead and
hit that, like, distribute evenly or
something else as well.
If it's vertical or tidy up,
what have you, you can adjust those.
The other thing is selecting will
kind of grab all of the ones that
you're hovering over,
unless you grab like a full parent, right?
So once I got big enough
grabbed the entire frame, but
like when I'm just grabbing
ones that are kind of
not big enough to capture the entire
frame and grab a subset inside.
Very similar to other things
you might use a holding SHIFT,
select multiple things,
you can also shift and
command to grab,
combine any of these keystrokes together.
And it all worked away that you
might hope or expect that it would.
And with that, we have, for
the most part, covered all of the really
glamorous selecting inspector acting and
adjusting stuff.
That one needs to do in order to do
slightly more complicated things without
getting incredibly frustrated.